

Have A Party Lyrics - Edited
Raz!

Music & Movie Downloads

Send 50 Cent polyphonic ringtone to your cell phone

[dick face Intro]
This is how we do it, when we do it
Like we just wanna tear the club up
We do it like there ain't nothin to it
The way we do it, now everybody put your fuckin' hands up!
Lets Go!

[Nate Dogg (50 Cent) Chorus]
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and have a party if you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and touch your body like you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!
Heyyyy..

[50 Cent Verse]
You heard about it kid, you know how I rock
Went from pumpin shit on the block, to straight to the top
So the money ain't a thing now, yeah that's right
Mansion after mansion, next stop the Hampton's
I splurge with it, I'm so absurd with it
Got the hunger to go get it, cuz I wan' go spend it
You know how a boss playa play, nigga I'm ballin'
If there's money to be made, I'm all in
Catch me in the cherry-red porsche, beige seats, red piping
You want me to teach ya how to stunt, aite then
Tattoo's on the arm, 30 carrots on the charm
Cuz the flow be the bomb, learn to respect the don
First night I find em, second night I bust em
Third night we call it quits, I ain't fuckin with the bitch
Success is ma drug of choice, I'm high off life
Another move, another mil', lets get right aight..

[Nate Dogg (50 Cent) Chorus]
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and have a party if you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and touch her body like you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!
Heyyyy..

[Havoc Verse]
You can catch me cockin' the fifth, got me rockin' with Fif
Now that's why I procede the keys to the Bent
Got my niggas movin' them bricks, it don't stop
In a million dollar deal homie get that Glock
See dudes get comfy, money ain't long 'nough
Spit one verse, my whole cribs coughed up
Ma I got a fetish, fuckin' in them porsche trucks
Curtis got one so when I finished I tossed her
Y'all in to wifin', we don't condone wifin'
Only fuck with bitches that got their liquor license
Shot high prices, shook all vices
Imfamous nigga, got the game in a vice grip
10 hundred K, but the flow, is priceless
Anything less, we rollin' them dices
Nuts in the sand if you ain't bumpin' my shit
Shorty wanna rip to my sound in my light booth

[Nate Dogg (50 Cent) Chorus]
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and have a party if you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and touch her body like you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!
Heyyyy..

[Prodigy Verse]
Listen..
We bring game, out pay a vip
My wrist could buy a bitch a phd
My Range alone could pay for you to eat
For the next few years I'm so icey kid
My flow is long money, my face is Hollywood
My tattoo's could hit you with the thug pardoe
My attitude is universal, yeah Hong Kong money
When we get back to Queen's we gon' hurt you
Can't afford to ride, you gettin' stomped out
I got a team of dimes they all dogged out
Ready the line, you up and take you out
My girls is hot man, they hard to turn down
You can hear your drawers lookin' like the Mexican
After the lil' shorty Wa Wa break you off a lil' bit
You so stupid, we so much rich
And who braggin', I'm jus tryna holla at the chicks, like

[Nate Dogg (50 Cent) Chorus]
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and have a party if you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!
Heyyyy, (Gggggg G-Unit), go ahead and touch her body like you want to, (Gggggg-Gggggg G-Unit)
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on, M. O. B. B!

[Nate Dogg Chorus]
Heyyyy, go ahead and chase that paper get your game tight
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on
Heyyyy, go ahead come home with me let's do it all night
Na na na na na, I'm poppin' on
Heyyyy...

